yeah who's this Tik Tok who the hell is
this dr. Brown as a forensic
psychiatrist will John Forrester rape
and murder again in my professional
opinion John Foster was a serial murder
we the jury find the defendant guilty of
murder in the first degree all the
serial killers that I've interviewed
study none of them were legally insane
excuse me you'll kill team up on
undergrowth tick-tock doc yeah 79
minutes to live Shelly I received a
threatening phone call Jack you better
turn on MSNBC find it hard to believe a
dr. Jack Gramm can be out there psycho
babbling innocent people into the death
chamber
Jack this is Special Agent mac tire from
the FBI you know a woman and Dale Morris
what's going on here Delmar's was
murdered last night they found physical
evidence at her apartment that
implicates you lose a murderer now jack
yeah the press got ahold of Dale's name
it's all over the news we are claiming
that these murders prove that the real
killers have never been brought to
justice is it possible Forrester's
innocent no no DNA no murder weapon your
testimony was very convincing we're
going in such a hurry jack can't you see
this is a frame just give me some time
okay how does it feel to know you won't
live through another night
I'm gonna find you 37 minutes how do I
know that you haven't gone completely
over the edge he's got a gun
go of my car did I fire bullets of
myself gene this exists you convince the
jury Forrester was guilty how do I know
he didn't kill those women to take a
good look at your watch now imagine what
it would be like to be minutes away from
your own death taking donk donk